Add rippled v2.2.3 release notes (#2765)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: blog/2024/rippled-2.2.3.md

```text
Free SQLite space for transaction db is less than 512MB. To fix this, rippled
  must be executed with the vacuum <sqlitetmpdir> parameter before restarting.
  Note that this activity can take multiple days, depending on database size.
```

The exact timing of when a server runs out of space can vary based on a few factors. Server operators who encountered a similar problem in 2018 and followed steps to [increase the SQLite transaction database page size issue](../../../docs/infrastructure/troubleshooting/fix-sqlite-tx-db-page-size-issue) may not encounter this problem at all. The `--vacuum` commandline option to `rippled` from that time may work to free up space in the database, but requires extended downtime.

> Version 2.2.3 of `rippled` reconfigures the maximum number of SQLite pages so that the issue does not occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2.2.3 of `rippled` reconfigures the maximum number of SQLite pages so that the database capacity is doubled. With the default page size of 4096, the capacity is roughly 17.5 TB.
```
In 2018, we thought 8.7 TB was enough that the issue would not occur. Now, we think 17.5 TB is enough. But the long-term fix is something else; perhaps changing the architecture to enable sharding, and/or increasing the page size (likely to its max of 65536 bytes) so that the storage device is the limiting factor instead of SQLite.
